# Meeting 1
## Setting
04-17-2023-17:00 PST, La Jolla, CA, Geisel Library 
## Attendance
- [x] Eric Chen
- [x] Jiapei Chen
- [x] Jiaxin He
- [x] Jinshi He
- [x] Chris Kim
- [x] Arjun Kumar
- [x] Ryan Lee
- [x] Nikan Ostovan
- [x] Xin Shu
- [x] Jennifer Tanurdjaja
## Team Progress
- Finished Yes/No Poster
## Agenda
- Team Contract
- Group Repo
- Design, branding, logo
## Discussion Notes
- Team Contract
    - Mostly we will report misconduct to TA. What happens then?
  - Ask TA what types misconduct has happened in previous groups.
  - Write it.
  - How to sign electronically (or can we just type names)?
    - Will figure out later; first we have to formalize it!
  - Any issues?
    - "Enforcement": use a strike system for certain issues
      - Missing deadlines twice = we talk and figure out if there are scheduling issues
      - Missing deadlines four times = report to TA/Powell
      - Intentional Hate speech is reported immediately; if it is clearly unintentional then member will receive a strike; doing so again will result in a report.
  - Missing scheduling will not be punished. We will simply assume that no response = not coming.
- Group repo
  - A form is going to go out that will ask for Github usernames (maybe someone could make it now?). Ryan will invite.
- Who is handling design/branding/logo?
    - Does anyone have graphic design skills?
      - ~~If not, pick 2 people~~
    - Ran out of time; new plan is to meet briefly after 4/18 class to handle selecting font, colors, etc.
- Team Intro Video
  - Each person should do a 12-second-max clip of something hobby/talent.
    - Literally just Powell's sample videos
  - Who is editing the video?
    - If no one volunteers, pick 1-2 people.
    - Note: do later (action item)
- 8-ball 
  - Another w2m really quick?
    - No. Simply assign 4 days that are optional for people to come. Google form to check if people can come for at least 2 days.
  - Same video editors as intro vid?
  - Plan: Leaders may have a list of vague questions that might guide development, but we probably shouldn't even answer all of them.
    - If we have time, we can decide some things right here.
- Team Page
  - We could work on it now if we have time?
  - Each person write overview about themselves (Ryan is a ...)
    - Student at UCSD?, Role in org, Skills, Hobbies, link
    - In G DRive
  - Someone creates team.md, then we all mob-design the page?
## Action Items
- [ ] Meeting again for branding Tuesday after class
- [x] Add people to Github
- [ ] Send announcement about Team Page assignment
- [ ] Submit any assignments we finished
- [ ] Pick 1-2 people to edit the intro video
- [ ] Pick 4 days to mob-program
## Next Meeting Time/Agenda
Next Sunday 2-3pm (04-23-2023-14:00 PST), Remote (Zoom)
## End Time
18:00 PST